Docs: Deprecate `grafana/grafana-oss` docker repo in favor of `grafana/grafana` (#110065)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-docker.md

weight: 1800
---

{{< admonition type="caution" >}}

> Starting with Grafana releases `12.4.0` and `13.0.0`, the `grafana/grafana-oss` Docker Hub repository will no longer be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Grafana release `12.4.0`, the `grafana/grafana-oss` Docker Hub repository will no longer be updated.
```

> Starting with Grafana releases `12.4.0` and `13.0.0`, the `grafana/grafana-oss` Docker Hub repository will no longer be updated.

Reviewer 2: agree with you!
